TODO 
1. prevent sql injection--->NOT DONE
2. Wrong Phone No updating in database
3. Create security-question table
4. Restrict Pickup Date
5. Remove Sign up Sign in replace with log out
6. For About Us Check screenshot and https://pivotcomm.com/
7. Admin warehouse page- show items collected
8. Fetch all the ngos requiring an item and then assign it to html
9. Admin Dipatch page for warehouse items
10. After delivery volunteer ticks then ngo ticks OR admin ticks tO update ngo requests(subtract)
11. Role based routing ROUTE MANAGER.PHP
12. Link about us , contact us --->NOT DONE
13. Create a Warehouse Section in Admin Area
14. Get Started Button
15. Link to delivery page
16. a file which will check whether a user is logged in or not, he is a contri, volu or ngo isset($_Session[cart] not allow to checkout page without items 
17. isPicked and isDelivered in orders table
18. Your past donations in contri page
19. include php in html files
20. Insert first data as Warehouse with id = 1 in ngos table;
21. $orders which contains all the consignments 
22. add quantity in ngo option in cart
23. Change district in ngo table to pincode
24. Remaining item must go to Warehouse    --->NOT DONE
25. Acknowledge delivery admin or ngo then delete the consignment generate date when Volunteer picks consignment
26. CREATE AND LINK LOGIN.PHP
27. Show item and NGO in contributors page
28. In the admin page add card which shows needs and  date of request, on clicking it go to  the  next page similar to ngo request page
29. mysql date converter
30. sHOW ORDER DATE IN cONTRIBUTOR
31. ADD NAVBAR BRANDS IN EVERY PAGE ACCORDING TO LINK  --->NOT DONE
32. add seesion check in login and login.php 
33. Add session id = 0 for admin during login 
34. SET session cart = -1 once the order is updated as well as during login or unset 
35. sendfrom warehouse page add deliveries to the ngo  --->NOT DONE
36.Also count the deliveries that are going to ngo to show the needs group by item --->NOT DONE
37. While sending from warehouse max will be whichever is small ngo request or warehouse contents.
38. copy sendfromwh code to ngodetails page so that both are equal and also to carts page
39. check javascript for ngo details
40. add is delivered,  add if volunteer is assigned to admin deliveries--->NOT DONE
41. Apply linear-gradient--->NOT DONE
42. give push a height of 150px
43. Restrict update request
Favourite Animal
cartoon character
Nickname
Birth City



git status

git  commit -am "msg"
git push origin master -f




mysql -u root -p 


